first off congratulations on the Emmy
nomination again you talked a little bit
about how it feels to be nominated again
and they hopefully win again as well I
don't know I think I think so about you
guys you know you show your show is I
guess not doesn't arrow with the Adult
Swim and all that sort of stuff but it's
very much kind of viewed as you know a
more adult skewing you know animated
program so I guess can you talk a little
bit about how you try to bounce a little
bit of both while bringing more adults
viewing but keeping it kind of in the PG
format we actually used to be used to
put more adult stuff and more squares
and things like that naturally that
you've been telling us to rain again
but ultimately I think it's really
satisfying like shows a tremendous image
that shows like funny kids show voices
there's a lot of times where this
alternate line master I'll have a line
that they want to try and get away with
and then they have like the one that
they think they'll be allowed to do or
they may be sometimes someone will have
like JJ or somebody will have an idea
get away with but ultimately it's a
little suggestive it's what kids won't
pick up on it but sometimes that one's
funniest one how often how often do
things gotta get kicked back to you guys
saying yeah maybe we want to take a
second look at this one but I was like I
always put stuff that does jokes and
ways
oh this is you waiting for this to go
you get you get a lot of response when
you when you put those jokes on the
internet you're like oh I can't believe
that didn't get cut or anything like
that that's part of before you got
watered down so take me through but I
mean I just briefly as we can I guess
with the time we have available
I say we through the process of making
an episode of the show so at first we
have the writers write an outline and
they'll do don't get in the writers room
skip all ideas at each other two or
three page outline just a basic story
beats so and then that gets handed over
to typically go through
Jiji
see see the board finish really having
any part in the whole process and what
about what about the voice side of
things for you guys I mean you said you
come in and there's the storyboard you
know in front of you I mean you guys
ever they ever kind of talk to you guys
about the direction that they may be
going for an episode or give you some
prep for it usually they might do like a
brief like well we'll get the storyboard
usually like a few days before
oh yeah actors are there
do you have any designs on increasing
the pressure and putting yourself in the
flesh in front of the camera where do
you where do you do your gateway you
know being on camera I get I guess just
to wrap up you guys have any kind of
best for the fans or anything like that
for the yeah I just keep watching saying
about the show I mean you're really
tearing my show still still it's
hilarious Amazon you got a couple of big
specials coming
Halloween special really